Our free football tip for today: Europa League Zenit St Petersburg v Bordeaux
I bet you wish you had an Ecocent giving you cheap unvented hot water free cooling ? 
Lil Pepe - Beaner Boy
18+ years into my life of camping, backpacking, adventuring, etc. And I learn that I've been spelling carabiner wrong the entire time. In my defense, it's pronounced Cari-beaner. And yes that's how It's spelled in every single one of the gear lists I've ever written. Shook
Every time I come on here. #PettyEddy is activated. But a beaner is tired. Tired of educating pieces of shit how to be human. I’m. Tired. I haz no strength to phone check racist assholes. Y’all done did it. You broke me.
Nope! You’re a Beaner for real! Haha - Have a great day honey! xx
You can be an extroverted introvert , or an introverted extrovert.. not everything is so black and white
Muslim groups surpass $50,000 fundraising goal for victims of Pittsburgh synagogue shooting 
I hope all Blacks wake up!!
Lifeguards rescue two people from Blacks Beach cliffs 
personally, I’m good. I love blacks girls too much to settle for anything else. 
Beautiful Zihua Bay. Our Mexican friend just said she didn't like her cheeks in a group photo. I told her I would call cheeks ""a lado de nariz."" #gringo #badspanish 
Update best Mexican food/swirled margarita is here!!! Can’t go wrong with a lil sangria mix 
Because the shooter repeated the same lies on social media that he heard from Trump and Fox News about “Muslim terrorists” sneaking into the US in the caravan and that Jews were funding it."
Live look into Zach Smith’s life. You gotta keep digging those holes Caveman. 
#inktober2018 prompt for today: “prickly.” So I drew the moment before Thag Simmons became famous... an homage to Gary Larson. 
Even simple, everyday interactions are valuable experiences. P... More for Scorpio 
I’m mentally focused on manifesting a chihuahua and naming him/her chalupa
love me some ramona
part of the nose in the higher octave. Now that tells me that I have A chirp or whistle range. I have resonators that need to be open so air can go through it constantly. This is why the teacher was right to say my head voice training was poor. To much focus was out in the middle
That’s what happens anytime my big chonky boi Purrlock Holmes comes and sits on me. It’s so cute but also overwhelming because he’s so fat and warm
Just tried opening my office door with my car clicker so it’s going to be a super day!
Delta Air Lines declares 22nd consecutive quarterly dividend
Princess Announces Refreshed Menu at SHARE by Curtis Stone 
Evans to Retire From Fred. Olsen After 27-Year Career
Time for round two with Thronebreaker: The Witcher Tales from @GOGcom. Tune in as I build a deck to surpass Metal Gear.
Fall in Florida? Cue the stinky Skunk Ape. - Tampa Bay Times
#NP Audioslave ~ Cochise
Henry is the "Wilford Brimley from Cocoon" of dogs.
The rage alone

