It's probably bc ISRAEL is a terrorist Zionist radical Jew state and doesn't want THEIR CRIMES against humanity on display in history books. It's our duty to humanity in this case Palestine to tell and teach their students everywhere to know what Zionist radical swine Israel is!!
We literally didn't ask you nigger
Talk to that nigger or hit that nigger son
Shoot that nigger
Mexicans are rapists
A Mexican can’t be a fair judge
... or a Mexican immigrant (all rapists!)
This picture smell like section 8 and blacks
korean pop music sound like old nigga music with ching chang chong over it
Funny coming from a chinaman, who comes from a nation where a Chinese dictator, Mao, killed and oppressed millions of his own people for decades, and the leadership continues it today.
What a Zionist shill we here. Bet he false flags hate crimes.
You’re forgetting camel jockey, towel head, osamas son, and “you da bomb fr fr”
This all began when that carpetbagger Saban with his superb NFL personnel wisdom  decided Drew Brees wasn’t worthy to be a Dolphin.  Enter Daunte Culpepper and the tailspin of hell.
Excuse my chink ass face but pumpkin painting w my pumpkin
I just saw a MAGA chud call the Unabomber a leftist. Talk about fake friends!
get a whiff of this coon 
you must have some coonass in you!
You would mention "vanilla" you halfbred migger. Bradley Guckman will make it to the cookout long before you do.
@ me you moon cricket
STOP being a Religious NIGGLET! There are wonderful God-fearing pastors laboring in the vineyard and you spend your time giving trump a weekly colonoscopy! Start fulfilling your real PURPOSE!
Or that's why a sleazy redneck pedophile in Alabama lost a senate race buy barely a percentage point because voting doesn't matter
Bunch of pussy assed wigger bitches
WOW Trump really made Amerikkka great again NOT!!! He just set us back about 60 years The Amerikkkan Trump backers still proud of your so called leader HE IS A JOKE#butI'mNOTlaughing
but im responding to her americunt
You Japs and wapanese are paying attention whores.
I would never get caught in public with a sand nigger
Send this sand monkey back to her sharia country.
Shut up niggerino im underaged
The spear of division chucker is only interested in counting his money.
death to jews
